How dare you slander me so much
Missing you really did this kind of thing
In that case
I'm so disappointed in you.
How could you do that?
Quickly explain to Captain Li
Apologize to selfishness
Uncle Si, you may not have understood the situation yet
Now the police are going to arrest you.
Selfishness has nothing to do with me
Will we arrest without evidence?
I know you always mind my marriage to Fuyang
If you are dissatisfied
I can return Fuyang to you.
You don't have to slander in front of so many people.
I am the one who married you to the country
If you have any dissatisfaction, come to me
It's too bad to have such a bad way
I really miss what I do
He is already married
He really thought that he took Lin Sijun's ascendancy
So ridiculous
After receiving the report, we investigated the matter thoroughly.
There is now crucial evidence
Comrade Lin Sisi has something to do with this
Captain Li has nothing to do with me
It has nothing to do with me.
Hey, oh, oh.
What is this for?
Four four four four oops